Cleanup prereqs and add links to install.md page (#1146)
kubernetes-sigs/dra-driver-nvidia-gpu: docs/prerequisites.md

| Requirement | Version / Notes |
|---|---|

> | Kubernetes | v1.34.2 or later, with at least one node that has one or more NVIDIA GPUs. The DRA Driver requires the `DynamicResourceAllocation` feature gate, which is Enabled by default in Kubernetes v1.34+. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Kubernetes | v1.34.2 or later, with at least one node that has one or more NVIDIA GPUs. The use of DRA became GA in Kubernetes v1.34+ and earlier versions required the `DynamicResourceAllocation` feature gate. |
```

The feature gate was removed, not enabled by default
